hi guys has been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to talk
about whether or not you should be using
Facebook's slide show ads keep watching
[Music]
so for those of you that don't know
Facebook have an ad type that is a
slideshow ad I'm not talking about you
creating your own slideshow here in this
video I'm talked about Facebook's
specific slideshow ad that you make
within ads manager or power editor and
Facebook slide show ads are very
straightforward you simply select up to
ten images you tell Facebook how long
you want each image to show for from
within your slideshow and then you just
add some music from one of the preset
little theme tunes that Facebook has
available and that's your slideshow
ready to go in a little video format and
when this ad appears in your audience's
newsfeed the slideshow will
automatically begin to play on silent
just as it word if you're running a
video ad so that's what slideshow ads
are but the question is should you be
using them well from the testing that
we've done we found that slideshow ads
are great for a lot of service based
businesses particularly where you want
to show off your portfolio if you want
to show off previous work a slideshow
can be a great way to do that so if
you're a designer of some sort or an
artist where you know that your previous
work your portfolio is going to help you
win new business and definitely
recommend you give slide show ads ago if
you've been watching my videos for any
length of time you'll know that I'm a
big fan of advertising content to cold
audiences so people that don't know
anything about you or your business on
Facebook I'd really recommend
advertising a video or a blog post for
most businesses but if you are a
portfolio based business then you can
actually use a slideshow use your
portfolio in a slideshow as a piece of
content to cold audiences right at the
top of your funnel that's a great way to
use slideshow ads but you can also use
them very effectively as retargeting ads
so perhaps someone has visited your
website they've read a blog post of
yours you can retarget those people with
a slideshow ad that shows off some of
your portfolio and help convert them
from someone who's perhaps slightly
interested in what you've written about
maybe interested in your services to
someone actually then goes and becomes a
lead now there are a few best practices
when it comes to slideshow ads and the
first is that Facebook will allow you to
use up to 10 images and I'd recommend
that you use all ten you want to be able
to show off as much about your business
as possible
Facebook also have 20 maybe 25 bits of
music that you can add to your slideshow
and they
make this optional but I definitely
recommend that you go ahead and add one
of these little theme Tunes to your
slideshow because it really just helps
bring it all together makes it a bit
more engaging and will probably help
your results another thing you need to
do with slideshow ads is select how long
you want each image to show for this is
obviously a balancing act because too
short and people won't be able to see it
properly and see what's in the image but
too long and they may get bored and move
on scroll down to something else in
their Facebook newsfeed so from the
testing we've done we found about three
to four seconds is usually about right
so as I said slideshow ads are great for
service-based businesses particularly
ones that want to show up for portfolio
now we haven't done much testing with
other forms of businesses it could work
for e-commerce companies so that may be
worth testing if you're selling products
online usually we use carousel ads for
those sorts of businesses but what it
can say right now is that if you are a
service business if you do want to show
up for portfolio then definitely give
slide show ads ago
you